The Gaming Room client requested that we come up with different approaches they can use to expand their game into various operating systems. We also explained the integration of the client's game in a distributed environment. We then told the client how to apply their needs to the architectures of the different operating systems. They were making a game called Draw It or Lose It and they wanted to make it compatible on different operating systems. 
Honestly, there was not much I think I did particularly well in this document. I think that I did a good job making the evaluations and the recommendations about the operating systems to be used. 
The part of the process of working through a design document that I found helpful when I was developing the code would have been making the design summary and the executive summary. The domain model was also very useful when developing the code. 
If I could choose one part of my work on these documents to revise I would choose the Evaluations portion of the design document. I would improve it by making it more detailed and having more information. 
I was able to interpret the user's needs and implement them in my software design by taking everything they wanted into consideration and using that to make the necessary changes to the process. It is vert important to consider the user's needs because making the happy is what is important to the program. If they need changes made after the fact it will only make the process cost more money and be less efficient. 
This was the first time  developed a software design template and the approach I had was making sure everything the client wanted was implemented into the process. The techniques or strategies that I would use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application would be to pay more attention to the domain model and the executive summary to make them more detailed and comprehensive making the coding process easier than it has to be. 
